Add alternative to 2-day workshops (#1665)
carpentries/instructor-training: episodes/15-carpentries.md

Similarities between Data Carpentry, Library Carpentry, and Software Carpentry workshops include:

- a focus on technical skills,

> - a two to four day format taught by volunteer instructors, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a two full day or four half day format taught by volunteer instructors, and
```
a bit longer, but is this more accurate? or are some four full days?

Reviewer: @ndporter thoughts on this?

Author: @brownsarahm this is probably fine. I think there are occasionally 3-day versions that sites stand up, but they're non-standard and your text is more clear on the scope (that it's not 4 full days but always the same volume of content). Thanks!
